who is it a and  is it Mum Dad Biff no who Chip Kipper Floppy spaceman
Floppy Floppy no oh
six in a bed Mum and Dad Biff
a good trick a big rug sheet little box Kipper
fun at the beach oh Kipper Chip Floppy
the pancake pan the pancake frying flour eggs milk butter race
is it Biff yes Kipper Chip Floppy
get on got Biff no Chip Kipper oh
Floppy did this is it Mum Biff did no Chip this oh yes
get Dad on go
up you go
I see we me
headache trumpet drum recorder guitar had
at the park to  went slide horse swing sleep see-saw everyone
fancy dress an was scarecrow pirate angel chicken happy
push car was stuck pushed pulled tractor
good old Mum big red nose pillow boots eyebrows she beard said
the pet shop rat pet no wanted said spider snake goldfish
what a mess made dress some scarf lorry birthday card everyone jam
make making face faces  sad fierce frightened hungry
the journey I'm bored said thirsty cross lost hooray everyone
goal was cold day everyone wet tired miserable cross goal
who did that that she said wasn't me monday tuesday
shopping comic to the wanted some sugar he went supermarket shop crisps ball forget forgot
hide and seek can us I you see me yes we all
look at me look me my bike oh ride his bike
go away Floppy back are come  skipping painting sorry busy
red and blue we are all come who muddy play football
big feet big monster dinosaur giant wednesday
Kipper diary hot fun wet day windy went sunny shop park pool write monday tuesday wednesday thursday friday
what dog like run they walk hate
present for Dad of you bunch flowers box best all hospital
top dog
look after me net she like we said ladder Kate
go on Mum am not go going again
go away cat coming garden
the sand castle sand pat the box he sand flat bucket she sandcastle best make
Floppy bone ran take took come eat ate they January February
the box of treasure map hid dig dug the no he sand find found treasure here sweets March
hook a duck got on pen have win a big prize  April
Chip robot leg  he arm head yet now May
one wheel two three four
the ice cream van come want one yes out look June
can you see me of if red teddy bear my frog tiger tree you are looking me July
good dog get not sit but  the good very say call ball stay that August
what a din can has pan red pot tin bin din bang crash
see me skip no go way do like too day you look out come September
the mud pie tip pat hat this hand water mix sand out flat pie
monkey trick parrot big they children zoo giraffe seal like crocodile asleep noisy elephant funny October
hey presto them bag box big her she children show conjuror tie called ear-ring watch stage inside wand
it's the weather a sun were was silly messy untidy weather grumpy shining November
naughty children on up bed mum had an off log net they two children climb climbed furniture jump jumped sofa curtain flower idea ladder wall happy December
a sink sinking feeling duck get children were pool climb said couldn't everyone
creepy crawl she bath called out said easy
what is it bark barked looked frog lizard salamander safe
hop hop pop it off on had and big got set red hopper
catkin the kitten put ran bed bag bin bell lost basket Wilma
in the trolley back and put can bag did saw
the trampoline but put net down he she Wilf
the enormous crab in got put lots nip did then me they enormous hold held out
the caterpillar leave leaves chrysalis butterfly Saturday
the picture book man man big pad pen cat fun long sausage
in the tent Lee we cold
the bag in the bin step took scrambled
stuck button dug budge push pull bone sunday

wake up, wake up, sleepy head
it is time to get up.
am sleepy, so sleepy.
want to sleep more.
wash your face and brush your teeth.
it is time for breakfast.
am sleepy. so sleepy.
 want to eat.
wake up, wake up, sleepy head.
it is time to get up.
am sleepy, so sleepy.
want to sleep more.
make up your bed comb your hair.
it is time for school.
am sleepy, but love my school.
 ready to go.

the lost puppy
Mrs May had a puppy  it was called Sniff
Sniff ran off
mrs may was upset Sniff was lost
Biff and Chip looked they couldn’t find Sniff
Wilf and Wilma looked they couldn’t find Sniff
mum and dad looked they couldn’t find Sniff
everyone looked nobody could find Sniff
Floppy looked for his bone Sniff was by the tree
what a clever dog! said everyone
the big red bus off had red set dinosaur land monster
the sock Lin puppet grandpa hole cowboy see my

he sat
that is my hat
she has a dog and cat
that mat is old
the boy and girl ran home
the cat sat on a mat
he has a hat of red
we sat on top of the hill

new tree
the children went to the park
it was give a tree week everyone wanted to give tree
Dad gave a tree he put it by the shed
Chip gave a tree he put it by the stream
Biff gave a tree she put it by the pond
Wilf gave a tree he put it by the bridge
Wilma gave a tree he put it by the swing
Floppy gave a bone he put it in a hole
a funny tree said Chip
  a funny bone said Dad


  up and down
Mum and Dad went shopping.
Dad wanted a book.
he went up.
Mum wanted a paintbrush.
she went down.
Mum went up.
Dad went down.
Mum couldn’t see Dad.
she went up.
Mum went down.
Dad went up.
Dad went down.
Mum went up.
Mum came down.
stop she said.
up and down said Dad.


the little dragon

 the chidren put on a play.
 I am the king said Chip.
 fight the dragon.
 I am the knight said Wilma.
 I will fight the dragon
 I am the dragon said Kipper.
 but I am a little dragon
 I am the princess said Biff.
 I like dragons
 the princess played with the dragon.
 they played under the tree.
 I am the knight said Wilma.
 I am frightened said the dragon.
 I am cross said the princess.
 she put the knight in the pond.

the band
Dad played his trumpet.
he played in the house.
Floppy barked at Dad.
Dad played in the garage.
Floppy barked at Dad.
Dad played in the shed.
Floppy barked at Dad.
Dad played in a band.
the band played in the park.
Floppy went to the park.
the band played.
Floppy barked.
Floppy barked and barked.
the band couldn’t play.
what a bad dog said Dad.

the big egg

the chidren feed fed the hens.
they looked for eggs.
they put the eggs in a box.
Dad had an idea.
Kipper went on looking.
look at this egg said Kipper.
this is too big
Kipper looked at the hen
this is too big for you he said.
come and see this said dad.
this is too big for you said Mum.
this is too big for me said Dad.


poor Floppy

Floppy was not well.
he lay on his bed.
he looks bad said Kipper.
Biff wanted Floppy to get well.
Kipper was sad
Mum took Floppy to the vet.
Chip went too.
Chip looked at the pets.
I can see six cat she said.
Floppy just looked at the cats.
he was not well.
the vet looked at Floppy.
give him some pills she said.
Mum took Floppy home.
Floppy had some pills.
Floppy was soon better.

put it back

 look at this said Biff.
she had a crab in her hand.
 put it back said Chip.
Biff put the crab back.
let’s look on the sand said dad.
come and see this said Chip.
he had a net.
 come and see this said Mum.
she had a lot of wood.
 look at this shell said Kipper.
this is the best of all
 the shell had legs.
oh no said Kipper. what is it?
it’s a hermit crab said Dad.
 it’s a crab that lives in a shell
 put it back said Kipper.


 in a bit

 come and help said Mum.
 Biff was looking at the TV.
in a bit she said.
 Dad had a job for Chip.
come and help he said.
 Chip was looking at the TV.
in a bit he said.
 Kipper’s room was in a mess.
come and help said Mum.
 Kipper was looking at the TV.
in a bit he said.
 what can we do? said Dad.
 Mum had an idea.
 Biff,Chip and Kipper wanted dinner.
 in a bit said Mum and Dad.

a present for Mum

 Dad had a little box
 it was a present for Mum.
 Dad had an idea
 he wanted to make Mum laugh.
 Mum and Dad had a party.
 Mum gave Dad a present.
 Dad gave Mum a big box.
 Mum had a smaller box.
 what is it she asked.
 the present got smaller  and smaller and smaller.
 this is for you said Dad.
 and this is for you said Mum.
 oh Dad said Mum
 oh Mum said Dad.

 the hole in the sand spade hole chidren stop bigger tide deeper came played water gone sand
 axe arrow
 the toy’s party

 Kipper wanted a party.
 nobody wanted to come.
 he got his toys.
 he wanted a cake.
 he put in cornflakes.
 he put in tomato sauce.
 he put in milk.
 he put in jam.
 he put in sugar.
 he put in baked beans.
 Mum was cross.
 Kipper was sorry.

 new trainers
 Chip wanted new trainers.
he liked this pair.
 Chip wore the new trainers.
 Chip went to play.
 the trainers got muddy.
the trainers got wet.
 Dad was cross.
 Chip washed the trainers.
 oh no!

a new dog they was wanted everyone went home looked too little strong liked took

what a bad dog went concrete pulled
washing down pushed
over what said
barked couldn't
sleep cross tray
fire good

the go-kart they made go-kart
wanted pushed pulled
stop said away
swing oh

the dream her was couldn't sleep told story about dragon
dreamed nasty fight downstairs dolphin

Floppy bath they saw chased under fence muddy took home what soggy doggy washed dried clean good looked
the baby-sitter we they came sleep books story hungry made sandwich pillow everyone join
the water fight was they everyone children wanted swimming paddling filled water pushed grabbed hose chased threw
Kipper balloon they he went bought balloon supermarket toilet saw flew away chased statue
spot too doctor stay after everyone washing out what better
Kipper birthday party cake balloon made game sandwich television bubble
Kipper laces wanted new shoes tie couldn't school tried hooray
the foggy day worse stopped walk home way saw light monster
Biff aeroplane helped fly went park flew houses cry upstairs couldn't
Floppy the hero was engine by there everyone fireman barn little barked jumped down puppies hero
the chase they new market toilet stay chased oranges plates clothes wanted
the wobbly tooth gone swallowed sorry


block
the odd egg with will sell pen egg fun fan duckling chick odd ten did
out see did yes fell ran sun cat bug dog luck bad grid painted paint said
fire set bug back hot ran hut not get lots big of it Mum Dad they barbecue smoke firefighters engine out came said
the gull picnic the all was by do out sand sandwiches went paraglider teacher said pizza
red noses will posh red pot got fell ran dab jobs had off and lots get not that see this picnic yum rug egg bet tuck fun ran gulls man it she was you me her dress out paints over nose face splat said
the ball pit then them batman upset fell net odd big and get man her he my was they we all ball glasses find out must said Mum's
got a job well not can mug jam mess picnic pot him her said feet made
the new gingerbread man will then running check man hot rack off run made oven book jumped new about let's
hiccups will then them with quick cup hopping having fun shock get he was they my like try your said water drink
gorilla on the run with bus not big dog shop yes run tap back shock man hat he went said hello felt oh
a big bunch of flowers then back them rush shop well mix upset off for be you her said went flowers bunch oh lost saw enormous thank
catch it will this on cannot yes fun net ran man jet we was you said went there took beach ball sea ski gust wind oh catch thank floppy

the duck race down with duck had six Mum got log they idea race sank stream stuck stick swans soggy landed
sniff will look for then too took park back duck you they was her she be are happy excited drink
pond dipping at net got it on big Mum Dad fish full me they was she pond stuck junk stick pram frog
the ice rink this down with look Dad fun let sat they my he me ice rink skates whoops bump round spin drinks jump
the mud bath with down that Dad ran fell mud forgot kick luck mess bad was he ball playing football called over splat want
the steel band with now man tap feet sing song sang hit bang my you he all band play name clap hands drum want grand
